Version 1.10.0:
	The LZX compression ratio has been slightly improved.  The default mode,
	LZX level 50, is now almost as good as the old LZX level 100, while
	being nearly the same speed as before.

	Decompression performance has been slightly improved.

	Filenames are now always listed in NTFS collation order.

	On UNIX-like systems, wimlib can now process Windows filenames that are
	not valid Unicode due to the presence of unpaired surrogates.

	On UNIX-like systems, wimlib now always assumes UTF-8 encoding with the
	addition of surrogate codepoints.  Consequently, the environmental
	variable WIMLIB_IMAGEX_USE_UTF8 and the flag
	WIMLIB_INIT_FLAG_ASSUME_UTF8 no longer have any effect.

	wimlib no longer depends on iconv.

	Reduced memory usage slightly.

	When a WIM image is applied in NTFS-3G mode, security descriptors are
	now created in NTFS v3.0 format when supported by the volume.

	Workarounds for bugs in libntfs-3g version 2013.1.13 and earlier have
	been removed.  Users are advised to upgrade to a later version of
	libntfs-3g.

	On Windows, wimlib now supports case-sensitive filename extraction when
	supported by the underlying operating system and filesystem (operating
	system support requires a registry setting).

Version 1.9.2:
	On UNIX, wimlib can now overwrite readonly files when extracting.

	On Windows, fixed a bug where wimlib could leave a null DACL (a.k.a. "no
	NTFS permissions") set on some existing directories after extraction.

	On Windows, when applying a WIM image in "WIMBoot mode" when the WOF
	driver is not loaded, wimlib can now correctly register a new WIM file
	with the target volume when the target volume previously had had WIM
	files unregistered.

	Added a new testing program.

	Clarified the main license text and updated public domain dedications
	for certain files to be more thorough.

Version 1.9.1:
	Object IDs are now saved and restored on Windows and in NTFS-3G mode.

	Reduced memory usage when exporting large numbers of WIM images.

	Non UTF-8 locales are now detected correctly.

	Addressed compiler warnings and enabled "silent" make rules by default.

	Windows-specific updates:
		Fixed a bug where duplicate backslashes could be generated in
		link targets when extracting symbolic links and junctions.

		Fixed a bug where the .cmd shortcuts for wimlib-imagex wouldn't
		work if their full path contained a space.

		Fixed bugs related to scanning SMB filesystems.

		Added warning message about known issue with WindowsApps folder.

		Added instructions for building from source on Windows.

		VSS support is no longer marked "experimental".

		Added missing license file for libdivsufsort-lite.

Version 1.9.0:
	Added experimental support for Windows VSS (Volume Shadow Copy Service).
	The new '--snapshot' argument to 'wimcapture' makes wimlib automatically
	create and use a temporary VSS snapshot when capturing a WIM image.

	Implemented setting of Windows-specific XML information, such as
	architecture, system root, and version details.  This information is now
	automatically set in newly captured WIM images, when appropriate.

	Improved performance of directory tree scans on Windows.

	On Windows, to improve capture performance, wimlib now sometimes opens
	files by inode number rather than by path.  This is enabled for
	wimcapture and wimappend, but for now other applications have to opt-in.

	The progress messages printed by wimlib-imagex while writing WIM files
	have been slightly tweaked.

	Progress information for directory tree scans now counts all hard links.
	Also, on Windows "\\?\" is no longer stripped from the current path.

	Added a new '--image-property' option to 'wimcapture', 'wimappend', and
	'wiminfo'.  This option lets you assign values to elements in a WIM
	file's XML document by name.

	The wimlib_get_image_property() and wimlib_set_image_property() API
	functions now support numerically indexed elements.

	Fixed a bug where, on Windows, wimlib would change the security
	descriptor of the target directory of an extraction even when the
	'--no-acls' option was specified.

Version 1.8.3:
	Fixed a bug with libntfs-3g extraction present since v1.8.1.  Sometimes,
	some Microsoft software would not correctly recognize data in the
	resulting filesystem.

	Made some small improvements to the compression algorithms:
		LZX compression ratio was slightly improved.
		XPRESS compression ratio and speed was slightly improved.
		LZMS compression speed was slightly improved.

	Improved handling of WIM XML data.  wimlib no longer drops unrecognized
	elements when exporting images.  In addition, two API functions were
	added for better access to elements in the XML document:
	wimlib_get_image_property() and wimlib_set_image_property().

	Added support for (unsafe) in-place compaction of WIM files.

	Improved performance of image export by reusing metadata resources
	instead of always rebuilding and recompressing them.

	Improved performance of wimlib_update_image() by delaying the update to
	the WIM's XML document until a write is requested.

	On Windows, the target of an extraction may now be a reparse point
	(which will be dereferenced).

	On Windows, wimlib now correctly restores non-Microsoft reparse points.
	However, this remains broken in NTFS-3g mode due to a libntfs-3g bug.

	On Windows, wimlib now has improved performance when archiving files
	from a filesystem backed by a WIM (a "WIMBoot" setup).

	Several improvements to System Compression (compact mode) support:

		wof.sys (or wofadk.sys) is now automatically attached to the
		target volume if needed.

		Compact-mode extractions now work correctly with wofadk.sys on
		older versions of Windows.

		For compatibility with the Windows bootloader, the requested
		compression format now is overridden on certain files.

	Other minor bugfixes.

Version 1.8.2:
	This release primarily contains various minor bug fixes and
	improvements, including:

		Improved handling of deep directory structures.

		Fixed a bug where on 32-bit systems, the library could enter an
		infinite loop if a WIM file was malformed in a specific way.

		Added a workaround for a case where libntfs-3g may report
		duplicate streams in an NTFS file.

		Windows symbolic links and junctions in mounted WIM images are
		now automatically rewritten to be valid in the mounted location.

		Reparse point fixes: correctly handle the "ReparseReserved"
		field, and correctly handle "empty" (data-less) reparse points.

		On Windows, wimlib now acquires SeManageVolumePrivilege, which
		is needed to create externally backed files using the
		"wofadk.sys" driver.

		Improved validation of filenames.

		Improved LZMS decompression speed.

		The configure script now honors alternate pkg-config settings.

		Links have been updated to point to the new website.

	In addition, experimental support has been added for compressing
	extracted files using System Compression on Windows 10.  This
	functionality is available through the new '--compact' option to
	'wimapply' and 'wimextract' as well as new library flags.

Version 1.8.1:
	Fixed a bug in the LZX decompressor: malicious input data could cause
	out of bounds writes to memory (since wimlib v1.2.2).

	The output of the 'wiminfo' command now consolidates various boolean
	flags (such as "Relative path junction") into a single line.

	A file can now have both an unnamed data stream ("file contents") and a
	reparse point stream.  Such files can exist as a result of the use of
	certain Windows features, such as offline storage, including "OneDrive".
	wimlib will now store and restore both streams on Windows as well as in
	NTFS-3g mode.  Microsoft's WIMGAPI also has this behavior.

	On Windows, named data streams of encrypted files are no longer stored
	twice in WIM archives.

	On Windows, named data streams are now correctly extracted to existing
	"readonly" directories.  Before, an error would be reported.

	On Windows, it is now possible to do a "WIMBoot mode" extraction with
	non-standalone WIMs such as delta WIMs.

	On Windows, when doing an extraction in "WIMBoot mode", files larger
	than 4 gigabytes are now never extracted as externally backed.  This
	works around a bug in Microsoft's "WOF" driver.

	The '--enable-verify-compression' configure option has been removed.  If
	you want to verify a WIM file, use the 'wimverify' program.

	The way the "file count", "directory count", "total bytes", and "hard
	link bytes" image statistics (stored in the WIM XML data) is calculated
	has been slightly changed.

	In mounted WIM images, the disk usage provided for each file (st_blocks)
	is now the compressed size rather than the uncompressed size.

	The performance of the NTFS-3g and Windows capture modes has been
	slightly improved.

	On UNIX-like systems, symbolic links whose targets contain the backslash
	character are now handled correctly (losslessly).

Version 1.8.0:
	Improved the LZX compressor.  It is now 15-20% faster than before and
	provides a slightly better compression ratio.

	Improved the LZMS compressor.  It now provides a compression ratio
	slightly better than WIMGAPI while still being faster and using slightly
	less memory.

	The compression chunk size in solid resources, e.g. when capturing or
	exporting a WIM file using the '--solid' option, now defaults to 64 MiB
	(67108864 bytes) instead of 32 MiB (33554432 bytes).  This provides a
	better compression ratio and is the same value that WIMGAPI uses.  The
	memory usage is less than 50% higher than wimlib v1.7.4 and is slightly
	lower than WIMGAPI's memory usage, but if it is too much, it is still
	possible to choose a lower value, e.g. with the '--solid-chunk-size'
	option to wimlib-imagex.

	The '--chunk-size' and '--solid-chunk-size' options to wimlib-imagex now
	accept the 'K', 'M', and 'G' suffixes.

	Files are now sorted by name extension when creating a solid WIM file.

	Fixed various issues related to capture/apply of EFS-encrypted files on
	Windows.

	The file list printed by 'wimdir' is now sorted by the platform-specific
	case sensitivity setting, rather than always case sensitively.  This
	also affects the library function wimlib_iterate_dir_tree().

	On Windows, some error and warning messages have been improved.

Version 1.7.4:
	The Windows binary distribution no longer contains third party DLLs.
	These dependencies are instead compiled directly into the libwim DLL.

	Added more fixes for wimlib on non-x86 architectures such as ARM.

	Extracting files to a Windows PE in-memory filesystem no longer fails if
	the target files do not yet exist.

	Improved the performance of XPRESS compression and LZMS decompression.

	Enabled SSSE3 accelerated SHA-1 computation in x86_64 Windows builds.
	It will automatically be faster on newer Intel and AMD processors.

	Removed the --with-imagex-progname and --enable-more-assertions
	configure options.

Version 1.7.3:
	Fix for very slow export from solid WIM / ESD files.

	Fix for LZX and LZMS algorithms on non-x86 architectures, such as ARM.

	New progress message: WIMLIB_PROGRESS_MSG_HANDLE_ERROR.  Applications
	may use this to treat some types of errors as non-fatal.

	The library now permits making in-memory changes to a WIMStruct backed
	by a read-only WIM file.

	Fixes for "WIMBoot" extraction mode (Windows only):

		When not using the WOF driver, extraction no longer fails if the
		disk containing the WIM file has too many partitions.

		When matching patterns in [PrepopulateList], all hard links of
		each file are now considered.

		The system registry files are now automatically treated as being
		in [PrepopulateList].

		Added a hack to try to work around an intermittent bug in
		Microsoft's WOF (Windows Overlay Filesystem) driver.

Version 1.7.2:
	Made more improvements to the XPRESS, LZX, and LZMS compressors.

	A number of improvements to the Windows port:

		Fixes for setting short filenames.

		Faster "WIMBoot" extraction.

		Updated and slimmed down the dependent DLLs.

		ACL inheritence bits are now restored.

		Mandatory integrity labels are now backed up and restored.

	Added a workaround for an issue where in rare cases, wimlib could create
	a compressed data stream that could not be read correctly by Windows
	after an extraction in "WIMBoot" mode.

	Library changes:
		Added file count progress data for
		WIMLIB_PROGRESS_MSG_EXTRACT_FILE_STRUCTURE and
		WIMLIB_PROGRESS_MSG_EXTRACT_METADATA.

		Added support for testing file exclusions via the user-provided
		progress function.

		Some documentation improvements.

	Made some clarifications to the license text in the COPYING file.

Version 1.7.1:
	Made more improvements to the XPRESS, LZX, and LZMS compressors.

	The default compression mode for wimcapture is now LZX compression in
	its default mode, which is the same as '--compress=maximum'.

	You can now specify an optional integer compression level to the
	'--compress' option; e.g. '--compress=lzx:75'.

	Made a minor change to the LZMS compressor and decompressor to fix an
	incompatibility with the Microsoft implementation.  In the unlikely
	event that you created an LZMS-compressed WIM with wimlib v1.7.0 or
	earlier and a checksum error is reported when extracting files from it
	with wimlib v1.7.1, decompress it with v1.7.0 then compress it with
	v1.7.1.

	Added 'verify' subcommand to wimlib-imagex.

	Notable library changes:

		Custom compressor parameters have been removed from the library
		in favor of the simpler level-based API.

		Decompressor parameters have been removed entirely.

		Library users can now specify a custom file for warning and
		error messages to be sent to, rather than the default of
		standard error.

		New progress messages:
		WIMLIB_PROGRESS_MSG_EXTRACT_FILE_STRUCTURE,
		WIMLIB_PROGRESS_MSG_EXTRACT_METADATA.

		New function: wimlib_verify_wim().

Version 1.7.0:
	Improved compression, decompression, and extraction performance.

	Improved compatibility with version 3584 WIM / ESD files:
	    - Add support for reading and writing multiple solid blocks per
	      archive, which WIMGAPI/DISM can create when appending an image.
	    - Correctly create solid blocks larger than 4 GiB.

	'add' commands passed to wimupdate will now replace existing
	nondirectory files by default.  Use the --no-replace option to get the
	old behavior.

	The license for the library now contains an exception that allows using
	it under the LGPL.  See the COPYING file for details.

	In reparse-point fixup mode (the default for capture), symbolic links
	and junctions that point outside the tree being captured are no longer
	excluded from capture.

	Added support for "WIMBoot" capture and extraction.  See the
	documentation for the new '--wimboot' option to wimcapture and wimapply
	for more information.

	On UNIX-like systems, you can now backup and restore device nodes, named
	pipes, and sockets.  In addition, 32-bit user and group IDs are now
	supported.

	The way that UNIX data is stored in WIM files has been changed.  If you
	captured any WIMs with the --unix-data option, to upgrade them you'll
	need to apply them with --unix-data using wimlib-imagex v1.6.2, then
	re-capture them with --unix-data using this version.

	wimlib now understands tagged metadata items, such as object IDs, that
	can be stored in WIM directory entries.

	Removed the --hardlink and --symlink options to wimapply, since I don't
	think they are too useful and they got in the way of improving the code.

	WIMs will now retain their GUIDs when rebuilt (e.g. with wimoptimize).

	The 'mkwinpeimg' script now supports writing the ISO image to standard
	output.

	The <ARCH> element in WIM XML data is now exported correctly.

	On Windows, sparse file attributes are no longer set on extracted files.
	Oddly enough, this actually saves disk space in some cases.

	On UNIX, configuring with --disable-xattr or --enable-xattr is no longer
	supported.  Mounting WIM images now always requires extended attribute
	support.  Use --without-fuse to disable support for mounting WIM images;
	this will also disable the need for extended attribute support.

	Configuring with --enable-ssse3-sha1 now works correctly.

	The shared library version has been bumped up.  The main
	incompatibilities are:

		- WIMLIB_COMPRESSION_TYPE_XPRESS is now 1 and
		  WIMLIB_COMPRESSION_TYPE_LZX is now 2 (so it's the same as
		  WIMGAPI).

		- User-provided progress functions are now registered using a
		  separate function, wimlib_register_progress_function().  The
		  'progress_func' argument to many functions no longer exists.

		- The return value from user-provided progress functions is now
		  significant.

		- A context argument has been added to the prototype of
		  user-provided progress functions.

		- 'struct wimlib_capture_config' has been removed.  The library
		  now takes the path to the configuration file directly.  This
		  affects wimlib_add_image(), wimlib_add_image_multisource(),
		  and wimlib_update_image().  However, a NULL value passed in
		  the argument retains the same meaning.

		- Removed deprecated functions: some (de)compression functions,
		  wimlib_extract_files(), and wimlib_print_metadata().

		- Removed extraction flags: WIMLIB_EXTRACT_FLAG_HARDLINK,
		  WIMLIB_EXTRACT_FLAG_SYMLINK, WIMLIB_EXTRACT_FLAG_FILE_ORDER,
		  and WIMLIB_EXTRACT_FLAG_SEQUENTIAL.

		- Removed some progress messages:
		  WIMLIB_PROGRESS_MSG_APPLY_TIMESTAMPS,
		  WIMLIB_PROGRESS_MSG_EXTRACT_DIR_STRUCTURE_BEGIN,
		  WIMLIB_PROGRESS_MSG_EXTRACT_DIR_STRUCTURE_END.  Numbering
		  stays the same.

		- Removed some error codes.  Numbering stays the same.

		- Replaced WIMLIB_UNMOUNT_FLAG_LAZY with
		  WIMLIB_UNMOUNT_FLAG_FORCE.

		- WIM paths passed to progress functions now have a leading
		  slash.

Version 1.6.2:
	Case-insensitive comparisons of strings (e.g. filenames) containing
	UTF-16 codepoints above 32767 are now done correctly.

	Fixed build failure on Mac OS X.

	wimunmount now provides the '--new-image' option to cause changes to a
	read-write mounted image to be committed as a new image rather than as
	an update of the mounted image.  (The corresponding new library flag is
	WIMLIB_UNMOUNT_FLAG_NEW_IMAGE.)

	The LZMS ("recovery") compression chunk size, or "dictionary size", may
	now be up to 1 GiB (1,073,741,824 bytes).

	The performance of LZX ("maximum") and LZMS ("recovery") compression
	with large chunk sizes has been slightly improved.

Version 1.6.1:
	Stored files with size exactly 4 GiB (4,294,967,296 bytes) are now
	decompressed correctly.

	Fixed a bug in the LZX compressor introduced in v1.5.3.  The bug
	occurred in an unlikely case, and due to validity checks it did not
	affect successfully created archives.

	Fixed a minor compatibility issue with the LZMS compressor and
	decompressor.  This is *not* the default compression type and was only
	introduced in v1.6.0.  In the unlikely event that you created an
	LZMS-compressed WIM with v1.6.0 and a checksum error is reported when
	applying it with v1.6.1, decompress it with v1.6.0 then compress it with
	v1.6.1.

	Memory usage for LZMS and LZX compression has been decreased.

	wimextract now allows wildcard characters in paths specified on the
	command line.  Also, the '--strict-wildcards' option has been removed
	and replaced with the inverse option '--nullglob'.  See the
	documentation for wimextract for more details and changes.

	The wimlib_extract_files() function is now considered deprecated in
	favor of wimlib_extract_paths().

	Fixed more permissions problems when extracting files on Windows.

	A new '--no-attributes' option has been added to wimapply and
	wimextract.  The library flag is WIMLIB_EXTRACT_FLAG_NO_ATTRIBUTES.

	The default chunk size is now set correctly when changing the
	compression type of a WIM, for example with 'wimoptimize'.

	The '--metadata' option to wiminfo has been replaced with the
	'--detailed' option to wimdir.

	In relevant wimlib-imagex commands, '--solid' may now be used as an
	alias for '--pack-streams'.

Version 1.6.0:
	Support for extracting and updating the new version 3584 WIMs has been
	added.  These WIMs typically pack many streams ("files") together into a
	single compressed resource, thereby saving space.  This degrades the
	performance of random access (such as that which occurs on a mounted
	image), but optimizations have been implemented for extraction.  These
	new WIM files also typically use a new compression format (LZMS), which
	is similar to LZMA and can offer a better compression ratio than LZX.
	These new WIM files can be created using `wimcapture' with
	the '--compress=lzms --pack-streams' options.  Note: this new WIM format
	is used by the Windows 8 web downloader, but important segments of the
	raw '.esd' files are encrypted, so wimlib will not be able to extract
	such files until they are first decrypted.

	wimlib now supports extracting files and directories from a WIM image
	based on a "listfile" that itself contains the list of paths to extract.
	For `wimextract', the syntax is to specify @LISTFILE instead of a PATH,
	and for the library itself, the new APIs are wimlib_extract_pathlist()
	and wimlib_extract_paths().  Path globs containing wildcard characters
	are supported.

	For searching WIM files, wimlib now has configurable case sensitivity.
	The default on Windows is still case-insensitive and the default on
	UNIX-like systems is still case-sensitive, but this can be overridden
	on either platform through flags to wimlib_global_init().  For
	`wimlib-imagex', the environmental variable WIMLIB_IMAGEX_IGNORE_CASE
	can be set to 1 or 0 for case-insensitive or case-sensitive behavior,
	respectively.

	Support for compression chunk sizes greater than the default of 32768
	bytes has been added.  A larger chunk size typically results in a better
	compression ratio.  However, the MS implementation is seemingly not
	compatible with all chunk sizes, especially for LZX compression, so the
	defaults remain unchanged, with the exception of the new LZMS-compressed
	WIMs, which use a larger chunk size by default.

	The compression/decompression API exported by wimlib has been changed.
	Now one set of functions handles all supported compression formats.

	`wimcapture' and `wimappend' will now display the progress of scanning
	the directory tree to capture, in addition to the progress of writing
	data to the WIM.  The '--verbose' option no longer does anything.  The
	library API change for this is the addition of several members to
	`struct wimlib_progress_info_scan' available to progress callbacks.

	`mkwinpeimg' now correctly handles the '--start-script' option when the
	start script is not in the working directory.

	Sequential extraction, previously requested by using
	WIMLIB_EXTRACT_FLAG_SEQUENTIAL, is now the default.
	WIMLIB_EXTRACT_FLAG_FILE_ORDER can be used to get the old default
	behavior (extract in file order).

Version 1.5.3:
	The new LZX compressor added in v1.5.2 has been improved and is now
	enabled by default, except when `wimcapture' or `wimappend' is run
	*without* the '--compress' option, in which case the faster LZX
	compressor is used (the same as before).  This behavior is reasonably
	consistent with ImageX which actually uses "fast" (XPRESS) compression
	by default.  In those cases, use '--compress=maximum' to explicitly
	capture a WIM image using the new (slower but better) LZX compressor.

	The '--compress-slow' option still exists to `wimlib-imagex optimize',
	but its new behavior is to tweak the new LZX compressor even more to
	produce an even better compression ratio at the cost of more time spent
	compressing.

	`wimlib-imagex optimize' now supports the '--compress=TYPE' option,
	which recompresses the WIM file using the specified compression TYPE.
	The new library API function used for this is
	wimlib_set_output_compression_type().

	Added the wimlib_get_xml_data() function to allow library clients to
	easily retrieve the raw XML data from a WIM file if needed.

	Fixed a bug that could cause an error code to be incorrectly returned
	when writing XML data containing a <WINDOWS> element.

	Mounted WIM images will now correctly show the default file stream even
	if appears in the alternate data stream entries of the corresponding WIM
	directory entry.

Version 1.5.2:
	Added a new experimental LZX compressor which can be enabled by passing
	'--compress-slow' to `wimlib-imagex capture' or `wimlib-imagex
	optimize'.  (The latter is only applicable if the WIM is already
	LZX-compressed and the '--recompress' option is also given.)  The
	experimental compressor is much slower but compresses the data slightly
	more --- currently usually to within a fraction of a percent of the
	results from WIMGAPI/ImageX.

	A workaround has been added for compatibility with versions of WinPE
	that interpret alternate data stream entries in the boot WIM
	incorrectly.

	An alignment bug that caused a crash in the LZX decompressor on some
	builds was fixed.

	wimlib now attempts to clear the WIM_HDR_FLAG_WRITE_IN_PROGRESS flag in
	the WIM header when restoring the previous state of a WIM it failed to
	successfully update.

	Added a workaround to avoid an access denied error on Windows when
	replacing a WIM file that another process has opened.

Version 1.5.1:
	wimlib can now open WinPE WIMs from WAIK v2.1, which had a quirk that
	needed to be handled.

	A bug in the interpretation of negative IMAGE indices in the
	--update-of=[WIMFILE:]IMAGE option to `wimlib-imagex capture' and
	`wimlib-imagex append' has been fixed.

	A workaround has been added to successfully apply security descriptors
	with empty DACLs when the NTFS-3g apply mode is being used with NTFS-3g
	2013.1.13 or earlier.

	`wimlib-imagex capture' can now accept the '--delta-from' option
	multiple times.

Version 1.5.0:
	Added support for "pipable" WIMs.  Pipable WIMs allow capturing images
	to standard output and applying images from standard input, but they are
	not compatible with Microsoft's software and are not created by default.
	See the documentation for --pipable flag of `wimlib-imagex capture' for
	more information.

	To better support incremental backups, added support for declaring an
	image as a modified form of another image.  See the documentation for
	the '--update-of' option of `wimlib-imagex append' and `wimlib-imagex
	capture'.

	Added supported for "delta" WIMs.  See the documentation for the
	'--delta-from' option of `wimlib-imagex capture'.

	The library support for managing split WIMs has been changed to support
	other arrangements, such as delta WIMs, and be easier to use.  This
	change is visible in `wimlib-imagex', which also can now accept the
	'--ref' option multiple times, and also now supports "delta" WIMs as
	mentioned above.

	wimlib now preserves WIM integrity tables by default, even if
	WIMLIB_WRITE_FLAG_CHECK_INTEGRITY is not specified.  This changes the
	behavior of `wimlib-imagex' whenever the WIM being operated on contains
	an integrity table and the '--check' option is not specified.

	`wimlib-imagex capture' now creates LZX-compressed WIMs by default
	(when --compress is not specified).  This provides the best compression
	ratio by default, which is usually what is desired, at a cost of some
	speed.

	`wimlib-imagex' now supports being invoked as wimCOMMAND, where COMMAND
	is the command as in `wimlib-imagex COMMAND'; for example, it can be
	invoked as `wimapply' as an alternative to `wimlib-imagex apply'.  The
	appropriate hard links are created in UNIX installations of
	`wimlib-imagex', while for the Windows distribution of `wimlib-imagex',
	batch files that emulate this behavior are generated.

	Security descriptors are now extracted correctly on Windows.

	Fixed archiving DOS names in NTFS-3g capture mode.

	The extraction code has been rewritten and it will now be easier to
	support new features on all supported backends (currently Win32, UNIX,
	and NTFS-3g).  For example, hard-linked extraction mode (--hardlink) is
	now supported on all backends, not just UNIX.

	`mkwinpeimg' now supports grabbing files from the WAIK supplement rather
	than the WAIK itself.

	wimlib_global_init() now, by default, attempts to acquire additional
	privileges on Windows, so library clients need not do this.

	This update bumps the shared library version number up to 9, since it is
	not binary compatibible with previous releases.

Version 1.4.2:
	Fixed bug in `wimlib-imagex export' that made it impossible to export an
	image from a WIM that is readonly at the filesystem level.

	Return error code rather than segfaulting when trying to list files from
	a non-first part of a split WIM.

	Joining a WIM will now preserve the RP_FIX and READONLY flags.

Version 1.4.1:
	On Windows, paths given to wimlib-imagex are now treated case
	insensitively.

	Improved behavior regarding invalid filenames; in particular, on
	Windows, wimlib-imagex will, when extracting, now omit (with an option
	to override this default) filenames differing only in case, or filenames
	containing characters not valid on Windows.

	On Windows, wimlib now supports capturing and extracting long paths
	(longer than the so-called MAX_PATH).

	On Windows, `wimlib-imagex update' now acquires proper privileges when
	running as an Administrator.

	`wimlib-imagex update' will now complain if no image is specified when
	trying to update a multi-image WIM.

	`wimlib-imagex update' now supports specifying a single update command
	directly on the command line using the --command option.

	wimlib-imagex will now choose different units for progress messages,
	depending on the amount of data that needs to be processed.

	`wimlib-imagex append' will now generate a unique WIM image name if no
	name is specified and the defaulted name already exists in the WIM.

	wimlib now allows you to create unnamed WIM images, which can then only
	be referred to by index.

	wimlib now allows you to explicitly declare you want write access to a
	WIM by providing the WIMLIB_OPEN_FLAG_WRITE_ACCESS flag to
	wimlib_open_wim().

	wimlib now respects the WIM_HDR_FLAG_READONLY flag when set in the WIM
	header.

	Progress callbacks have been added to wimlib's wimlib_update_image()
	function.

	Added wimlib_get_wim_info(), wimlib_set_wim_info(),
	wimlib_iterate_dir_tree(), and wimlib_iterate_lookup_table() functions
	to the library.

	NTFS-3g capture now only warns about two conditions previously treated
	as errors.

	Fixed a couple issues with using wimlib-imagex on UDF filesystems on
	Windows.

	wimlib now correctly detects and returns an error when reading a WIM
	image with a cyclic directory structure.  (Fun fact: such a WIM will
	crash Microsoft's software.)

Version 1.4.0:
	Added new "extract" and "update" subcommands to wimlib-imagex, along
	with associated APIs in the library.  These commands are intended mainly
	for Windows use but can be used on UNIX as well.

	Many documentation improvements.

	Fixed a bug in the Windows build where relative symbolic links were not
	captured in reparse-point fixup mode.

	Fixed a bug in the Windows build where file handles were left open to
	the WIM file, causing `wimlib_imagex optimize' to fail in some cases.

	Fixed a bug in the Windows build of wimlib-imagex where globbing
	split-WIM parts could cause the program to crash.

	Fixed a bug where the creation time of WIM images would be shown instead
	of the last modification time.

	With the Windows build it is now possible to restore a WIM containing
	symbolic links as a non-Administrator; however you will receive warnings
	about not being able to extract the symbolic links.

Version 1.3.3:
	Capturing a WIM image should now be significantly faster in most cases
	due to improved use of the operating system's cache and avoiding reading
	files twice whenever possible.

	The Windows build should now work on Windows XP.

	The Windows build now supports capturing and restoring hidden,
	compressed, sparse, and encrypted files.

	The Windows build now supports capturing and applying WIM images from
	filesystems other than NTFS (with some reduced functionality).

	The Windows build now extracts short names correctly.

	Added support for "reparse-point" fixups (i.e. fixing up of symbolic
	links).  See docs for --rpfix and --norpfix flags of `wimlib-imagex
	capture' and `wimlib-imagex apply'.

	The performance of splitting and joining WIMs should be slightly
	improved.

	The LZX and XPRESS compression and decompression functions are now
	exported from the library.

Version 1.3.2:
	Improvements and bugfixes for the Windows build.

	Added --strict-acls options.

	Fixed the way that wimlib determines the order of images in the WIM.

Version 1.3.1:
	Since wimlib can now be used on Windows, wimlib's implementation of
	ImageX has been renamed to wimlib-imagex to avoid confusion with
	Microsoft's implementation of ImageX, which would have the same file
	name ("imagex.exe").  If you really don't like this you can pass the
	--with-imagex-progname option to `configure' to choose a different name,
	or even simply rename the binary yourself (but the former way will
	configure the man pages to use the chosen name).

	Various bugs fixed in the Windows build.  Mainly to do with capturing
	and restoring alternate data streams correctly in weird cases, and
	requesting the correct privileges when opening files.  Also added the
	--noacls options to wimlib-imagex capture, append, and apply.

	Windows build again: FindFirstStreamW() and FindNextStreamW() are now
	dynamically loaded, so this may make the library compatible with Windows
	XP (however, there may still be other problems).

Version 1.3.0:
	Added experimental support for native Windows builds.  Binaries can be
	downloaded from the SourceForge page.

	--source-list option added to `imagex capture' and `imagex append'.

	Better support for different character encodings.

Version 1.2.6:
	Storing UNIX file owners, groups, and modes in WIM images is now
	possible using `imagex capture' with the --unix-data flag.

	Minor bug fixes and documentation fixes.

Version 1.2.5:
	NTFS capture: Fixed capturing duplicate reparse points.

	NTFS capture: Capture first unnamed stream if there are more than one
	(print warning instead of error).

	Allow multiple test cases to execute concurrently (e.g. make -j2 check).

Version 1.2.4:
	Added --arch switch to mkwinpeimg script to support getting AMD64 WinPE
	from the WAIK.

	Update to work with ntfs-3g version 2013.1.13.

Version 1.2.3:
	Fixed truncating file to shorter but non-zero length on read-write
	mounted WIM image.

	Various code cleanups and minor documentation fixes.

Version 1.2.2:
	LZX and XPRESS decompression have received some additional optimizations
	and should now be even faster.  (Although, they were already pretty
	fast--- much faster than typical I/O speeds.)

	Fixed a bug introduced in v1.2.1 that would cause a directory tree
	containing hard links to be captured incorrectly in some cases.

Version 1.2.1:
	By default, unmounting a read-write mounted WIM with 'imagex unmount
	--commit' will now change the WIM in-place without needing to write the
	entire WIM again.  Use 'imagex unmount --commit --rebuild' to get the
	old behavior.

	'imagex unmount' no longer has a hard-coded limit of 10 minutes to wait
	for a response from the daemon servicing the mounted WIM.  Instead,
	every second 'imagex unmount' will check if the daemon is still alive,
	and keep waiting if so, otherwise terminate with an error.

	'imagex unmount --commit' on a read-write mounted WIM will now print
	progress information regarding the writing of new or modified streams
	the WIM, just like when capturing or appending a WIM.

	A small change has been made to XPRESS compression and it should improve
	the compression ratio slightly.

	A change was made that may improve performance slightly when applying a
	WIM image to a NTFS volume.

	Microsoft has managed to introduce even more bugs into their software,
	and now the WIMs for Windows 8 have incorrect (too low) reference counts
	for some streams.  This is unsafe because such streams can be removed
	when they are in actuality still referenced in the WIM (perhaps by a
	different image).  wimlib will now work around this problem by fixing
	the stream reference counts.  This is only done when wimlib_delete_image() is
	called ('imagex delete') or when wimlib_mount_image() is called with
	WIMLIB_MOUNT_FLAG_READWRITE ('imagex mountrw').  Please note that this
	requires reading the metadata for all images in the WIM, so this will
	make these operations noticably slower on WIMs with multiple images.

	Various other bugfixes.

Version 1.2.0:
	Appending images to a WIM is now be done by default without re-building
	the whole WIM.  Use the --rebuild flag to get the old behavior (which
	was to re-build the entire WIM when a new image is appended).

	A new command `imagex optimize' is now available to manually re-build a
	WIM that has wasted space due to repeated appends.

	Progress information has been improved, and now arbitrary callback
	functions can be used to show the progress of a WIM operation.

	A possible bug with changing the bootable image of a WIM was fixed.

	Some advisory locking is now done to prevent two processes from
	modifying a WIM at the same time (but only in some cases).  For example,
	you cannot mount two images from a WIM read-write at the same time.

	Some functions have been reorganized:
		* wimlib_mount() renamed to wimlib_mount_image().
		* wimlib_unmount() renamed to wimlib_unmount_image().
		* wimlib_overwrite_xml_and_header() removed as
		wimlib_overwrite() suffices now.
		* wimlib_apply_image_to_ntfs_volume() removed as
		wimlib_extract_image() suffices now.
		* wimlib_add_image_from_ntfs_volume() removed as
		* wimlib_add_image() suffices now.

	Previously, the soname of libwim.so has been 0.0.0, despite many
	interface changes.  The soname is now updated to 1.0.0 and will now be
	updated each release.

Version 1.1.0:
	Resources will now be compressed using multiple threads by default.
	(This applies to `imagex capture', `imagex append', and `imagex
	export').

	Some performance improvements in mounted WIMs.

	More progress information is shown when capturing a WIM.

Version 1.0.4:
	Lots of minor fixes, code cleanups, and some documentation updates.
	Nothing in particular is really noteworthy.

Version 1.0.3:
	LZX and XPRESS compression improvements.

	Fixed calculation of Directory Count, File Count, Total Bytes, and Hard
	Link Bytes of the WIM.

Version 1.0.2:
	Fixed bug when capturing NTFS file with multiple named data streams.

	Internally, we are now using inode structures, even though these don't
	appear literally in the WIM file.  This simplifies some of the code
	(mainly for WIM mounting) and likely fixed a few problems, although it
	needs more testing.

Version 1.0.1:
	Fixed problem when exporting images from XPRESS to LZX compressed WIM or
	vice versa

Version 1.0.0:
	Enough changes to call it version 1.0.0!

	Capturing a WIM directly from a NTFS volume, and applying a WIM directly
	to a NTFS volume, is now supported.

	Hard links and symbolic links have much improved support.  They are
	supported for WIM capture, WIM application, and mounted WIMs (you can
	even make them on read-write mounted WIMs).

	Alternate data streams are now supported on mounted WIMs through an
	xattr or a Windows-style stream interface.  Also they are supported when
	capturing a WIM from NTFS or applying a WIM to NTFS.

	Split WIMs are better supported.  You may now apply an image directly
	from a split WIM, mount an image from a split WIM read-only, or export
	an image from a split WIM.

	Using a capture configuration file is now supported (but not fully yet).

	SHA1 message digests are checked in more places, so we can make sure
	applied and captured data is correct.

	Man pages have been updated and consolidated.

Version 0.7.2:
	Fixed segfault when unmounting read-only WIM.

Version 0.7.1:
	Support for joining and splitting WIMs.
	Also, security data is now preserved by default.

Version 0.6.3:
	Can now build with older gcc and system headers, like on CentOS 5.

Version 0.6.2:
	Fixed bug that made it impossible to overwrite files in read-write
	mount.

Version 0.6.1:
	Write byte-order mark before WIM XML data.  (imagex.exe requires this to
	be there.)
